Update simulation_results.rst (#1255)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/simulation_results.rst

(extension `.asreview`). This file contains a large number of variables and
logs on the simulation. The data can be extracted from the project file via the API or with one of the available extensions. See :doc:`these examples on the Project API <example_api_asreview_file>` for more information about opening the project file. 

> One readily available extension for analysing the results of a simulation is `ASReview Insights <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-insights>`_. This extension offers useful tools for plotting and extracting the statistical results of several performance metrics, such as the Work Saved over Sampling (WSS), the proportion of Relevant Record Found (RRF), the Extra Relevant records Found (ERF) and the Average Time to Discover (ATD).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One readily available extension for analyzing the results of a simulation is `ASReview Insights <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-insights>`_. This extension offers valuable tools for plotting the recall and extracting the statistical results of several performance metrics, such as the Work Saved over Sampling (WSS), the proportion of Relevant Record Found (RRF), the Extra Relevant records Found (ERF), and the Average Time to Discover (ATD).
```

Install ASReview Insights directly from PyPi:

.. code-block:: bash

	pip install asreview-insights

> Detailed documention on the extension can be found on the `ASReview Insights GitHub <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-insights>` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed documentation on the extension can be found on the `ASReview Insights GitHub <https://github.com/asreview/asreview-insights>`_ page.
```
